Point to Kerberos as a safer winrm setup method (#77794)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/windows_setup.rst

.. Note:: The ConfigureRemotingForAnsible.ps1 script is intended for training and
    development purposes only and should not be used in a
    production environment, since it enables settings (like ``Basic`` authentication)

>     that can be inherently insecure. Kerberos is considered a safer production setup. See :ref:`winrm_kerberos for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that can be inherently insecure. Kerberos is considered a safer production setup. See :ref:`winrm_kerberos` for details.
```

>     that can be inherently insecure. Kerberos is considered a safer production setup. ( see https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/windows_winrm.html#kerberos )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that can be inherently insecure. Kerberos is considered a safer production setup. See :ref:`winrm_kerberos for details.
```
